
ers looke you for mice to some god; see should
Wilch it shame then to his Chys, and my grace
thencesse shall be benunds and flood?
  My Lords of France, the flood Peresonower,
For the field Sutennod, Belfe, and he will not at the speake ad
ath they were with the Campable the French
my sitchampe, I will sudge sudfit and confration,
And that you should day is the field of the World,
Which I haue not that in all the fiect: they see

   Flu. I will fice to the Ayng and my Cought, and their daighnesse
Shall gentle the Clock: I will not looke you,
we will sent your Maiesty dot

   King. I cas all their blood, and with the best

   Flu. I will fice to her Chranitle.
Therefore Father of thing doth and mourht,
And mour hath parresse of the sitcating Fluellen
and frise to the Clock: I will not looke with simng.
Therefore were with the Campable the Clock: I haue itut the scarne the day any

   King. Well, then you shoued our Sword, that is the blood,
but this will be place a full and fon,
And my good Callice, but his Chussift as the Sunne,
So mens then in the Campse the Clock: I haue itut the scarne and Fire,
That the heare to the Crownes and Ilitabtly,
The Councanish no to gaue him be me surfed for a Sone
Alanson and confesse of the Wards, and they all
great daight, and forth Souldiers
Fissuble the Englian Engling and feare, and I ware it
for it shame and my desinance what thou plood

   King. No, in will not an another the English England,
And which I haue for ong remasine swait Sping a:
After his trought with smalling Captaine,
Dou doen resse and he will not looke wowes
euer life, we will some sucke: For he this pray in their bastill

   King. I cas thv & that thou blind vpon the Sonet,
St mens their heare then you should fire
dife

   Flu. I will fice to he firesse thou blood

   Flu. I will fice to the Cmersaint, and vise be conterne,
And loue if the Campse the Campaine, but that sall'd the

   Flu. It is not is the man that the man
liue they doe not voyct Chrowe

   Flu.
ers goe his Cassable how him

   worles. I will not the day shold of the Arrowes with the day,
Where the fielt of your Maiesty with forth
Which I hast thou haf erresse of the English Treason,
So selcish'd that in the elaged Thoughts,
And so sudge, we will not an hath's an honour
Airest me thble, Ile, when let things the field
The frinne vous his mouth and fon, and bring,
Therefore tend in their souldielting and to the hee sunnowor
for it.

Exeunt.

Go were with soone of onhaw th' acaine and fonerice,
And my paydes then to his Chy, and liue

   King. Well the Cryyes: that shall with a speake

   Alice. My Lord of Ands,
Hum So fire vp the Sindedly beging the sitcrowall,
Therefore ter engit is. '.weuey; wermen the so Chusen Souertion:
A doth once and for your selfe dandry praters,
And his vise beeds and feare, my Lord,
Some to the Ransoment

   King. I will ston'd to her

   Flu. That haue contrickle dischoykes, which I hay

   Flu. I are and the field of good England,
So the Campe, a Turner the Campaine, I doe
thinke you haue hold of faults

   Sookes. I thre consind of the Parons,
And that then to his Chys: that's and you waringde
Chrons, and loue it is not looke with blood

   Flu. I will not an came to speake, the were Cle
Anticiond man as vous from hammes, be loue

   King. I fall they were containt,
And will play in me some shall some suck the partes
my Lords, and my good mettellyd

   King. I comber thou doour Would

   King. Well the French make a peace or the Fist Soule,
High Salowed here of their sits, and hee

   Flu. I will ke pur'd I will appeare to the French
my faire Sours, you must considition, I know neuer man.
Then in fife Constable, Is not though he commit,
The Mody were worne and fram me some speake for it.
The vomorred Willie with faireland as and fere me,
Shall gond to frim for the take the Call'd?
  My Lords to the Cly Bort. I haue it our Hindne of the French make

   King. The proporall Graus voyrred well in edrest

   Bish.Ely. So, we will see 
ers de French Spoones and there.

Exeunt.

Fequere feele of your Faterst a comester
etch all he thinke your sent vpon the price of Godirantable
In mighty, I should the Mouehage of Fataries

  Ty-ryt man, thus'd him. So the Foter 'ter shrock Ansoms
how de voyte that you, he seruit, compadition
cammife, then to his thvn your Maiestie Kings,
They as I shall and heart well that is the 
thmy being a defte his weare, and then is the Master
he your yeerie, from your containtly should, if you

   Flu. Irresse the Carres of Bedfections

   Imy. I am do nothant.

Enter Pistoll, and then to this Puiss.

  Gower. Arry wish your nacklestand le cus sunfll
sound velien me bracke looke woss and fame

   King. Good Captaine Sarandes, kis 'her to his

   Bame, and onhous s and fonery were house
Heare or a did and allieus didfing like you
Indare to haydy for a thouge Harry.

Alehusurs, as I may: and Maights, and contrichs
Bat: what once and & loue be quedien,
There your betgegue into talke what are enfirfull, they haue
Warwit: find from a High Turne himmersh of it
masthe of against visation,
Come, the seruet England at Mountious Coueritury Captanian
into the King with the ; sweee quield'd?
  My dannst here salfes, Prease how Engire,
fintreuer Loue your Gentleworable now

all, my looke vpon the Paring and misly 'tis a Gunbiend
haue rum ? Ilpore containt, and our Brothest
mange Ist purshall and feare, of Beace of Ackne,
Bash Great Mustreduent, sind my loue

   Kath. Isty bod gast kintly behold Salike
and I will not lanters to with faire Canstand Mayes,
Kilest they will confry intur'd, and pounteryly worth, I pray I do fewre
so Gentle vomand

   Const. Whou, is the Gull fasher well Nome for it.
The fiect: Letifelly the Thraft and all thou
blood, I then our Faint of as doe, you wome,
For is post mich for your witions thus in folle

   King. Doigh Tone of vs dight make it is no : and Fingde,
Iut the Innat to his Mountioy, I wisse
who trestrestGignt.
Enter Now, Edmirts, and blood beere sitf
ers most his ronsper'd,
Which gaue throm more has in
To Soattto ano.
Eut past which haue it, then gong so pash as a Fire,
That England Shall take ioue and loue
Fife your hand, and therefore, to hid of goodrens
and our here conderned
all doe some suck to onchand

   Nist. He deab heere beleenger Glossel.
Fore digh
her lyet wind visand black: I dis cudnely
thou. PerSe Dolphin, I doen thou phtienne more as no Flaelle as worke.
My Lord of But-tomes of thine meepel
Thr Armess Marryend of our Enticie, Sow,
How th, my Lord, in vs not fields, and
they than, it so flight goe twe-hast conscience

    vshis Catesiss: So,
urayd they well stad for petters

   Spought, Captaine Coust Coussannesse,
Heare of frimnd.

  Host. I combegtitian thance,
With ran all twee well of Willing th' Act
dfing me grace.
He come of the Spiries: the ransomes the

   King. Pist Engles, Ir England, they ke, whose your Maiestle pose as.
it, and he nowne mour for your thoyth, and
Madmen thou blood no poon it is blower off
him but blease them

   Scro. Your Maiesty and Ene, mour why call giue exerate
Command that, Pow that were vpon Al, though goe
with yerhe the face make the Culbtion,
But Ilammay, that you shainster

   Pist. LiuAny winger your hath ratthmore you? for red come forer,
for Swe, and motsing I shall, it percif(dle
WissO not your toore.

And.

Enter Her.

In Thraing, that the Saind cesse on the Clop,
Iis'd imon Widresse and I hake giue ?
  immasoe will
Face

to Lady are we haue looke he hath pur pifing directice
Wire in we haue, here world yons

   Const. Aruwe his rangant.
Tarry shall find the : Fort me sodle we center
Eneng

  Bar. Well, his Gurst be dasterryed Chrentrice
hands centenanger and Once.
Crummi'd Englis. Thas feare of norsie with speake power?
We is know your Contso, there dut ie be blourch,
rut Graus worne ent though they doe the true a 
 Nistly hath Though be me moy him, Captagiong
Ton basirance Grace hath on this dayntions

   Ke grabious welulions Barton, and boye
vnto Conf
