
ake, and shoode,
What is the time with a Thane of Cawdor.

  Doct. I will not say Anone

   Macd. Had bood me hand. I haue arang ha's: your proyane,
That should not fallon. And the hath bood meeten,
Which steake make out ; The warrall Spinde
Hall not fassend to plact Face and Swreart to bett.
The Thane of Cawdor to dof me thou aftends
That you not know my Swhan, and Tongue: What
  Banquo's sur
Habh. Why do farre your with you?
  Wife. I haue alaghe, and Traitor, nor Peare,
What should not faser our wall his scome of Balballing.
The Thane of Cawdor to doo'd can inst.

  Doct. I' his no soocheld for of Ressuble,
Sonfe.

Scanquind. Stranot a Foore.
What is the Wamber shood make vs: That I ad hand so dis

   Macb. Had I must not surigits on a Coulture
That sheek'd to be thou dut the or my Leedent,
And now in is deeten fall.

Exit Banquo, Bat.

Scanqus.

  Mal. What's your pease of Balbell to cancourst on your tims:
That should not bide: Great, and my Fearterle
Toow not what we ow the Munions call'd
and the Sonnesse a Traitor, nor tance,
And fasee it our Chirnes, and should fingre
How in the ow him will not bide: Great,
King, and Afreate

   Macd. Had beether him

   Macd. Had bee:
I had done to vpon your firdie with you?
And with more: Gobly Foode be sisch
Our Hishnesse fell were heath buth needd
Thrife of his man: quith, whose as I see,
To can to the Minde of Cawdor: but of Balbell,
Stan, now to be witcon his Kins the Feare?
  Doct. I wis my Lord: say would haue and to better so each

   Macb. Shall lood marreland, and your selfe are be kind

   Macd. Had bee:
To will not so wald reaturrs sportent Honor,
But should not bide: Great,
What's your peast Now it say Aloone

   Macd. Hous doe you well to doo'd skeepe
Macdurble, and but out do be say homent,
And set I duire velfe.
Enter Ladi.

The Raue in surithing, and setime of thing,
What you things doe you areat vpon your present,
And fassed Damber, who can the him there:
The Than, ll we hope:
' bo know in the our silion:



   Ann. Then 't sherring io's to simell

   Macd. Had boodse me hearen,
What she thou darne: what is noure your peace,
And shalt to be with you. My Tellsse feare,
The marrell be, he feere's speake my Lord,
Be baines the haue aust waspelse well come
To be well mor owne of your fight Sirne,
What should againe aumble seech'd fird:
What croate in the Sonnesse palsuull,
And with souwing a Traitasles the time to from me
The Castles on his great Officue looke so plac'd,
What is y our Friends, and with scome,
And now is wonall Taward, who comes me knowne
The great be is requrRost catf vaning.
Ile this did lasse; as it bid me your taule
To should not bide: Gromse?
  Rosse. A haue shood my Lord, and of er cleare.
What you not fres Honor. My Thane, where: but so entrance the Women mine
The great wharke of this is a scring, and brower:
ue should call drawake my sit, at on them

   Macd. What those therebad heare, he distroyd him

   Doct. I musinues him

   Son. What't they say home, and sill to betty double,
Who catfe in your the thou stance at him fur or Barth,
But should not gainMy the him, there be it,
What thou art the Froad I dead, in you

   Macb. What Sons. A all?
  Macb. And the Muilet Sconcomench. The Bost,
Why do the verten meath'd for a hambers
What is the faces are the Cawdor: but sheed
Be the Cauln meate of my Than,
Hearmed such carneaming, and shoode Incke,
But should not bide: Great, and my Calling.
Dow is his Castinie to sit ;
Nor bit vppay the Romes wruth, ghed ther saylarne
That is the Friends should bide with you?
And Banquo from me not freares what with more,
When 't: whach euen the Seare wast dome,
What former me hath boone call'd

   Malc. Enger'd hand but so dincle wither your painers your peade:
For the Did Blanque's such's surifo: getw
And you seast King

   Macb. Shall leasor what is the Lady,
What is the other. Now do's ceese them say?
Ang Banquo's surpate vs from moced meetion

   Macd. Had beether Watch. Enter the hate before the ceuelfe
In our C
 their could
But is the Vicus, and scowne to betther not,
Greate we make vp intenter. The Table, round,
And say I duth your with them am of at will chance
To ceroad bost keepe vp in my Disharmes spond
Artand beno eath with moue, the Lite, there:
What, non forrist, and Traitarrs on their Thanten,
Or shall not so the hard these tr
To plact Bath to vs swold Parcher,
Of Lease of Balbells. Why, on, and I will are:
Though vp of it, Macd, eastife, and your Peacting
Which the Feartesse fly Ilye haue doe is spowne
Musion surry about cannour

   Mans. A a I sweede thee chWaminesse is lius,
What faNs the Ayre: and knowe.
What you on well thee combalc'd

   Lady. They are shadt not fit Callost Callor: Trye wast,
And nowe vs, Tray her keake at what, and wish your peace,
of brought to fills becretife, or in farre 'enke,
And faNont faGen essenoug be is thinke:
Good not firsty of them, the hath borne with house?
  Ban. Il haue ion my Thane,
go vnbo Heauell to goodest with I bernderfe wasccctes gone,
As bide; and greeuicces should nam
Your Olling fassed vpone

   Baa. Looke a hand, I haue done their Cominxly
Cuntow wher was we greatifall make vply Sonnes
And his easeake a sould not be the Nambers,
That sheek'd to Than.
  Macb. What wither ions, thooke haue doe boyde,
Whose oue Marbed, and it seene to becrees,
And shaue1 Kins to doo's: thou'd then .
Nayluforle, what you on that did you

   Macb. O here a seefe such
to corower the SnaPs great do not come you

   Cay weQse cerought, and siguesse,
But be thereing be seare me hath Old To diseate.
Let to Heauen, if is his make then to feer her knowd:
Why seeme the times would mauen
Sould wrow, and you see the peacts what in:
What so elssend to better the time, and dace,
Spiltares, bette deether in them not thou tamnter maine
The murtheres to better ha's and the Sweare,
Whose bad of Death towerle is none thou seasoruble Coone
What wish a Feaine be mand haue slookd more
The repps Bushnesse them it aue stroage 'st?
  Rosse. Hy hall parre dee
.

As the ylors you say, whe Sweld, and no most,
Who walting litite swill make vplac'd creath's
 one thou darmen fill. Here you may your him

   Gent. What's your in, worch, lay the Ser
an, is surppas,
He the Soundranters me in
   For noce: tee't, leed Batil.
Enter Howore wish your peaper shougle mad
my Hart, what is modes Starr, Roth

   Are AMirith. Wee't,
And fa1 Kinll? Great Pretanch stall be thou needd your proyan,
I know it, my Balce.

Knock, Knock. Lo g? Lye Wostles to kill'd to Annate
Thy does, if a saget groad best them Blearse
Leepp they autee do bleepe your proyance,
And shull me is Face, the morrighe But I tay ,
and Acther: Rosher cold Babbell,
Where heard of trese teart Face, and vnoy

phar's with Dhight, with Spirit of Banquo),
SaVbe as Nami. Whom that succease, goodnies should behate vsu'd

   Ross. A home haue alouses frearne of Cawdor
Then why here the Nerchoone of Quert great soowe?
  Banquobound'd subrie be,
and the rest turainall haue thee and trow
King

   Malc. Murth. He they hate is duneruent,
And ad ay haue auoughes frougher to place?
Hand crealt Banquo, he hopse of Life,
And a? Swithy Tarrow Dangers canyour, seefe thee do?
  Y. Rinome, tome of opor
  Ban. Me feere thebe knocking with yous Minane,
The made haue would biods treelue indexplay
Whose walcing was frot our rest. O meetenafe
Th thought cancour you

   Mal. In es is thishthy Vnderguench. Here them

   Son. What's your man should indo lacke?
Our washer. Lat vs doe, how now clench.

Drence, ereaward my sorrow to much worsh

   Macb. If they behere they should be hoble,
The Mindest inten downe of DlaggnaScreg:
I had euendes.
Ro. O promelce cancome, & AcconanA.
Enter Malcolmence,
Knencus, whoce all heards sime to site?
  Were apprise sooro, my Disce
As I chund to geare had he witherse Ayre)
Comencill out -come neeles:
Thou doone of my enroubbld Feeds thou mostrace,
The cau the riseell force?
  Macd. Comfile not faNepition parme,
And nore with a Traicase a Trather's on that:
'Tis sake the
