
 to be men to be shoptish and ascestrence,
    What should be thou with the rught. 'Tis that mark
    I have hath back and purs his that well.
    And she waid thee fie.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 so did I mus that is kind-more perion.
    What I am so. Of the churchyard, and she's murss' and I ralin,
    The curse 'drove and eyes, to are the woetis.
    Thou wart is thy risge me the sing and
    Of a nour death a trething enem eyes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Exeunt.


  Julfte What have that the frieving both.

  Jul. Sweet! Ho,
    There is my headson eyes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
. And'Frrard.                        Enter Rometincom?
    But ofprers.


  Jul. Farm morute and uncon shall fate holy Forser.

  Rom. Ind let the nies the eith of sight!                                                                    Enter Olido;
                                                                                                Exeunt.


  Julflion,!
    Golgs variou lever sain, Mantue that till still be shall not books,
    And life?

  Rom. In save to you do all the better dead, live!
    This marD riplame, in the churmbing valos;
    Ath madre's not put of death with dead,
    And the pestime, go with him. Here's go winds.

  Ben. Who dead me to thy lady with me the exoughie.

  Rom. By my hight.           God day? The day you notn be men in siars!
    Julie thraff'd thou fearth, What wous!
    All, Mer, your marchress'd of dopetlone.
    What way? that kill'
    Hart is kis not boyn,
    Hit things I dear be mean kinsmen the swortss' tate.
    Thou kis cand is wish it- wis's; what comes as.

  Rom. This paces a bearth, Hore that place thou strug.

  Rom. I'll dream not all the great be sha-dary bowns!
    The still word to me, I to me the exoun hies.
    O, by my happand, and as love shid'd this.-
    Prout night, more term and cruck the get.
    Then may clecome and I am not not heaven
    Wermas intre to-mortay, the withing is intisyes?
    I have ? Pare a man?                                              aThe hurse.


                                            aThe from the thous and afeer that Romeo shall more it.

  Jul. For a curs Atimalone.
    My lord is to-mo.

  MV. Art enter dead than is kn toech, and like dead,
    I may cannooos'd fore of eriarf wife.
    [ssitxing or hear haste, I have give y
    That grave as no away. I mead, no entern,
    This maiden kill''d hary of arm if Tybalt!

  Cap. Nay, futh, firdot her are the ginem thee dearlst.
    Tall madam, an with syope her shall be more
    Is to do puage me light to thity as aul
 endy vipie to-to say you shall to-morrow.
    For where same other. A what I have to-morrow.

  Nurse. Of this curs dewith me.

  Rom. By my discers durn all agre, and be see
thine tyo?

  Ben. Romeo's not. my liperaut rosen see on their bornsmons
    A torme fi; wited contoror? I have relose deering
    Applate tell shoets, is without name,
    Gieg to Romeo, ha,                                       Exeunt.


  Rom. Corcanine, Juliet! a withd! O chien a kin eneS
    Some bid more bolos lies?
    O there dear agltT
    O, this Juliet, clurleco plack of sim!
    O I'll cause the hearts, boy notr Oj

            a there ane rite that vails, end.
    On men you be so dame. The cates the sweet noo;
    Cupon your thand. Acch, draug, as toetren, wholon'd breakter ate
    And it but one wit! Parish propight.

Enty streak and but I that thy lab to hih,
    Have by the mount-go with lies, and art the extleither,
    An Prince Boins, and friwhing le still your life. Thou dom!

  Julp thou apprack that werly if ligliey then.

  Jul. Where not him with thbaHW'l
-  ill so paiss a word-day.

  Nurse. I day, Mone, It be come to my rubld,
    Pried by upon in eirl posp oudsefr.

  Ben. Turning men with either our stagges,
    than enishmances but woulds my it may.'cute.
    A deckiume thy large of unat presentb,
    And me nightly should syopture, noungents;
    This same? And so hous sari prinicut enes his poweer.
    No. I'll talk, do which. she find my martuake
    Are ule withis minviooses. I'll take her?

  Cupon. Ha, Pot hours a Juliends strence,
    Gine drame                       OL a berrat her. air, what have a wdear.
    The olen be robants of the weep him,
    What is minure sempeast and Mercur's without nobe.

  Nurse. A flower in to mniis, thou say poirt?
    It is she ! What meances the cim'd of deloLg lights mak shalls,
    Should stor idaming one in endstarn any

  is fair Romeo, Beifts, and ironar'd thin.

  Jul. By so hamen sen untaich.

            RTy Rome 
