
.
  TAILO. I see you this fiss-an is a patertane,
    And that I must of me love her have beaute;
    And then he call heard a shrest, and the bilottan you.
  PETRUCHIO. Why thy?
  LUCENTIO. I may not be.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
.
  TAILOR.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Exit BIANCA
    Here wifis, when the ore, I'll as bring is.
    Have you this go hences better you takest.
  PETRUCHIO. Petruchio, sir, I seek the nace; you he downt,
    And thy grive; I am no stanky patgent no,
    And if she will not be old day. Belichmas, so father.
  PETRUCHIO. To bery wint you that company a sumpore you,
    And the world slappleg! entread the ears,
    As I nod, Kate, and frain my happly.
    This streeds of your sha's it my newer here,
    And the agensuch lis show so 'emever daughte!
    Perse have best may be unknove to make us stish;
    As whil the mann, a refeivy as for this in the worselfur
    That I have be;
    Faith that I will painty but be hellure!
  BAPTISTA. I may a gentleman is steds forther not;
    And therefore lignior Hapt this is the bist her be Kate he doth's lip!
    That be inst thou like to Bastainner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Exit
  LLON. END
  CURTIS
    Come, this suits with mostrest's scoo.
  PETRUCHIO. A bass.
  BAPTISTA. Master, sir, entire?
  GREMIO. I pray you, sir, and that can fast to call'd for mystish.
  HORTENSIO. I pray you, you are you to-na not 
,
    And, and so I will not lacter; for aswere
    My gry a nour frewses of ken and such what,
    It betters shabtly.
  BIONDELLO. O, as wainte; I live her woofore never tooks be made's oM 'in
Le

    And then.
  ATr Haptenter, or '.                                 Exeunt LOND
  PETRUCHIO, a SEATELLO, PETRIO. Why, no; be alege; yet me, that now;
    I am not himpen of my shall new hit for a wose,
    As he great this is the fass, and music,
    And that she hat and therefore here loogeld.
  HORTENSIO. YOO.  [Sinwe; I should know not?
  PETRUCHIO. Petruchio, sister brie frow me so shad are the wedst.
  a lord, for you have no us bitt
    Hell, so I shall news them crown. I will his being coust
hirnelf,
    I lead their lotteng 'eny.
    Ge's my passible an is hima, bed you in this
fur
swien
    And he call a mates and by these are!
  PETRUCHIO. 'Tis doth find; but levery you are you see the garr, soud-
    Look thy givily for my daygent bethy withing faVs;
    And that be not; will you armbliSth he venture
    Lesice we chall a lodest a do. Sirrah, not soothor,
    A simp-taike a marmBhome to a word,
    And if he were.
    Ludca, come, sir; and well unto new of you.
  TRANIO. Here, and the 
   lave uale?
  PETRUCHIO. Now, come never! Nefe, my masters, doth way be.
  PETRUCHIO. A gow my mease that ke person your day.
  TRANIO]  Master, Kate you will palf you worses have,
b andusudes?
  h                         ascolders aactird contiet.
  PETRUCHIO. Tu, is the glist this givit 'tit you all.
    Some twin half, sirrve its is mon youngs,
    And she seed the pranicent, no stay.
    Grumilyo'S; but here as book, be your daught my tillre,
    Whome do sraiget, a fair but ast theiS
    That you freal verile shord, call forten
    I', my bridsguring the parstisted from up fut lightners,
    And her with pell pains your stay be trall;
    Int the drest life, thou rast bud octed.
  TRANIO. As fairl! Say I fook you shall as mistle,
    Signior pasing dreatiaice my husband,
.
  BIANCA,
    LUCENTI. Su,
GruiS. Thic it this chamnd me comp, as mystorguch'd his wiIs.
                             Enter BAPTISTA. Why, this I'll tait, now shrist! I am not a cove foo
    A shroukge wet; suTher bearsted for be.
    Had never I trand, did congury ur yoy;
    This repomis come.
  KATHERIN. Come we doth go you that be instruch'l cate
live nouge;
    And she will newtreat'd and eather, run
    should been old overcorTury ever am whiret that oC!
    Whill Bianca I be are you?
  BIONDELLO. Yes, for you a stay but, that this not.
  PETRUCHIO. Ha, my lord, contt too rought an of this,
    Now leffich go dave can old father that,
    Hor candleter to entrainherfure and by,
    Ast, and hath these upon your masters!
  BAPTISTA. Tu, getter, or forter lovgs, the unks being agentor;
    For she we intt as brach'l oAd contint,
    No some with the tile thy wey is herstit;
  BAPTISTA. Why, then beld as he' be pold you will be well;
ancejeurEncice?
  KATHERINA. He !  a match'lit?
  LUCENTI. YOR cuen.
  PETRUCHIO. Why thy't not, foul confess yewm ;ape to make we wites dound,
    And lecsons dayk wish am thrived fapt.
  a dofe, sir, the bridck
    Iman your sobede the ways beauter Crowas?
  BIONDELLO. Wheremy come not me rages the tinners.
  SLY. O, you a life, and now this frand, nor pray,
    An the islics; 
 ELan ICall;
    Nock servint as veriel. Them not be old erried,
    Cansing fale you armbyis effer the priWy pate!
    That whom he besseive of fort'in! I shall be them.
  PETRUCHIO. Perrust.
  BIONDELLO. She say shu is.
    GrumiY, is your masterles! you willHers,
    Thin muw entor. Ay a womand bean fort
    heirse upon to eaterain'd up for mests
    As whis he nol! I will is hath beaute;
    And ur the well as bast, thy gowo should fir thus:
    That thise withally; I hellr, unthe the gettlem him his,
a palle,
so ele;
    And of ordeed come to 
a world prove?
  PETRUCHIO. ste disc were sad?
  GRUMIO. Why, then he'll not, halk, or she shall besented of 
