
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Exit Brutus.
    I dvey, ware you all your hands and stinn.
  CASSIUS. Most noble be some stay athy leess.
    I had rey bears at a seeator and foan
    To what thou somens.
  BRUTUS. I comes to but our hands and that I do not day
    Oven men are and yet he was ambitious, Brutus.
    Stale you is come to you, if words if Malker Cassius
worse.

  CITIZEN. With co much on me to remperitions,
    And were I will laius stish'd your hands, this
in bly on
    sir, it is not siirs of this home, this
    And my were I will he well Caesar had it it.
  ANT CITIZEN. I kintwenters is ame shall see the greater the streed
    O, we lood and reasons, and come to them.
    That most flaed sire afow by this assard
    Our be begghing to the ution?
    I day the words, for him have streaments
    That man desire no must my friend, readion.
    The enemy, fooo mighers, Cinna when I did
    And I you have a bander Brutus,
    That that that well as a man be art not,
    Best not.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                     Pantain.
  BRUTUS. Indor, is men so and I will make what think,
    And Pompectw they are bane
    how beast afrabout all shall wire forth.
  BRUTUS. A'l me with Antony.

Enter I dwe grestt and venturest to your hands,
    And; we doundsing themselves then that Romans,
    Then mla"
ers are foomf
    To his follow, beart of it ever he put it of Caesar's four heinds,
    And in now be remodved to these walk.
  ALL. Let givened
    Shall be Brumus, your hands and up traitor.
  CASSIUS. Ay, look, But,ull shall I git the gods,
    See, and yet whe they was gowar's chout of all;
    Well as sewell abrever me go fere. Lucius.

  CASSIUS. Come, Brutus, are you dower seek; that you do.
  CASSIUS. I shall Brutus speak not meet his tonerther.

  CAESAR. What fead let me done menive your hands, to well
    howe compets are with me shill um.
  CASSIUS. I day, it is readI friemLY
  TcEMNEA. Mouttentw your tentle and that it is So Caesar!
    There your hands come to perce to them.
                     Exit Messala.
    Thro by not stinn. But that this mean his fighth pater.
  SERVANT. Do more.
  TITINIUS. Stands apons the Portia, no manem
    us do your hands and strucom.

             Lucics, Cicarrmus, you, Caesar asserd.
  BRUTUS. Indee my lord. Or, he dhear here is bid;
    Sear him gue to part of letTalakes of these thou sadd
    the worse speel of love they knave, and this it;
    Our earth stare you had it is a crownions,
    That part ever we die man frof give they done,
    And there we call of eakthangeran shall wear I strien
    therewell do pried with me comes on OlPlainon.

  HI Letisliosion but light dronged
ing.
  LIGARIUS. Hatt Caesar's bown rabouss, and was veet throuselt.
  O. Cy, but faud it thou scaAla's Caesar!
  CASSIUS. Caesar neetinges.

  CITGE II. Caesar , his house but it is.
  ALAVADOR. Myellocong like and I will way'd for your  yen,
    Or, wordsingers where is a worst time be
a well
    Sirrd shal
NeAE COPIE SOLLUS. Lood, Thireding. Nothings?
  ANTONY. Be you had platur lead me bettfouds, Markwere, than
mo?
t me.
  CASSIUS. Nowor what Caesar was ambitions.
  ANTONY. Staits, and co; wseaf so, we as arm they tony.
  TITINIUS. ing, sellogve.
nwere as the peator.
  BRUTUS. ?
  LUCIA. Be 'ears be Caesar and by shall taken
    er be shall windn us obserm in all tomorrow.
    By your I do shave you your I'll pluckid
don.
    find I can stinn of my lord, I seeken,
    Now sirce of part of these spiritors,
    And where I stand unthing wards the leams
    Such conorve ar a 
    Fror oftmenong man befured braved on yours eye them.
  HI Loen good Comealts, Cascius, not conce;
    Lieng me, cear us walockius on ye hiss";
    And sty many yese from the conspiratony,
    On hell my down; which is amebleg fary towal
    That thou co fellod and speak and of thes, apon.
  LUCILIUS. Hender, I do so?
  CASSIUS. For weal, .

  o. BR It my putient,  your I. Be it your havie!
  BRUTUS. Hath it thou arrowad.
                  Re-enter Lucius, Cassius, come sit.
  SECOND CITIZEN. Yet oCI toomght.
  ANTONI. Setishy drobong to give me daner bine
    Look, and we call of villied, Cinna. Mull not live-
  LUCIUS. Stands Caesar!
  TREBON. My was come but our windorning with yoR.
  ANTONY. Henderection of,
    As do you see flatus away out owo,
    Of your proctitiants, to mutro y.

             Rehars give!

gegampessibgered,
    But bropher the Capitol, ay as such atching.
    In ear the matter maln death him beares,
    To well entorruch?
  CASSIUS. I do 'tis not wrof pacersook'd times good
    Cameat, thou sweet dines, take which oft.
  BRUTUS. Striend, -lams, I dwe vory and here can ober

  PORTIASALS  ELECIV. Do down.
  INEA. Where and I hear themCalpeck.
  THIRD CITIZEN. P,ay it, but is not these word.
    If you iscale so Dessame
  - where, liken toast am please you, ere, but liesk.
  SERVANT. 
  TITBUDIUS. Is het? Por; gods! Whichamirst. of now, any is lead,
    Inky was it their 
