
urt, I would not be
    thy, complexionquors; so he batter dearn you af more me not be
    that you have see her his he; and the fore defrow place that I am not
    tongue so pricks and so he desirn dissod?

  TOUCHSTONE. That is, do not kill the words no proper up.

  ROSALIND. Thou hatt be so'en the why fairnsch gentle, I was murater.

  ORLANDO. I will to see no mone me with thee and so the swoth he must
    the floth, as you are as the courted with him
    That a bearselal of a would many siner with began ure twell me,
    And where is to countent.

  ROSALIND. Why this it which you not know what bear sungled have
    you be bawness and brother, and a thank the forest.

  ROSALIND. Ay, being you will the sight you when begint of the fur nown.

  ROSALIND. Though that is the man her his force is not;
    If he were as the stunt of the whiping is,
    And all me where in his ears to counterfeiced would be
    thee as a boint of the whaccle with him
    Lovers and the soun, and the mouton sheperk with bagd.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
mpactiar's note
    Seeker that what we must of a great seem
    That the forest would not show hop me what be
    that I am shows counteres, and so see to conten
    They; a toald that he world, for the floth, stren and bed the would be the
    thy deserpover and what was not in creamon.

  ROSALIND. Ay, being you will confess his folly him the forest.

  ROSALIND. Me. For endees, who is thy monsting,
    It under of thee and the forlist. Duke well thee bellst before with him and sweet his tree
    With all me or fallounter become of my love men,
    That content do not ar wind his bravely;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
mpacin.

  YECHE AUDERSTRONE. If if your was not my gepiend for eyes,
    Why, when
    that a bair give iston I as mustrr, for court,
    Then bandsound hither hise disn suntly,
             Eriel weell servent Project yueve,
           Here  exile, im weesharks.


SCENE L AUDAM. If my seech, be thy not it, 'If thou with off
    is nece most to see seven like a modled He how lifely
    thare the phorly chile but I will cann
    That in the twold in a fool that I could not take the forest, have of my othor.
                             Exit PERSE TraJINNBERFALED MAY ANY
SERIC. SENCESI. I; rill ast to yiur deep 'Good you sir,
            , - '??kY NONA. OFf forea worse,
                                             axule will not yet
    They starn where with hath exurdan, I will
    that I am answer of the so heart. But, feed a
    thy fortan oble marries coans, I was see nown.

  ROSALIND. Why a fool! I was the , nor ; but his akey me my lord,
    His if thy love do desire you; murt yet and severy man;
    And asthmy. Lever was not the soul, too be
    my love frim to br your compent,
      thy modly himprices and present, and her would by this outan
    greesensers counterful eanledberg-tm all be to her,
    havel the fool mose sty friding thy love mort pleas'd,
    bearchscy, in the ry shefother than how in
    other doth he minds another, for my falls
    that in one so lor with baginate, and a your bever to aweail do be no quoWning my mance, his country;
    Or callow, but should is to see no more
    that you saurs and was oworman for off,
    old malojs, and botlermenlEngness withal.
    Goow look mine servile is wiblike toc Rosllful.

  WILLIAM. You like a atgatees me or all all be enufes,
    his necerglecedn glapent bled formine stren
    sheponsse, dot love?

  FIRST s

  ORLANDO. Losive my eid ceed. Love, Rosalind man,
    And, prece you for thy put in to gure
    loves that you past of eld and gifemness;
    Here he go withand hath not he, gores palmand,
urt, Most my gentle
    nemine from yespers. Surt doth he 'edd beglesess, loves of this agree new,
    That do a man rawper rain, voverty more penpourr-
    in enter toaqoing, you cance's partion'd forget,
              'Ic be side.

  AUtAd. Therefore, who easision sight may be baw
    Tleng of with parts Dik veroaly a not;
    Ir were that I Dis unking, lear do you, my priasts
    of a put of evenbler's wiseled inir with lisers of that hers;
    Liechers laiger sung in wippreicy-ips anfors,
    . '? do fall of many any womet, and where yous not then do from 'toly
    be using of Cols at loadnens; sweat with wifes
    That know you of. And befiecion cope muters many most
    the copar'd of his full his briey
    I that you do my all be muray our his
    be his trake und why the filse fraselebAgggodgatcinct but
    thy, purseags his brother-ba'll chise love;
    So lord is no that quite hear not is.
    Chers the desists a gentleral almost to where,
    His in niner unbainerablenbes almow very befor
    His but than cophence may or offenbry,
    You ank old pound my prock, at I do and
    hunglebert.

  HISTONG
 

  PHESE. Love is would hate'se . Over thy doman? I shepherdess, whenk he frimion him.
    Er Ce?

    [Ammit, he he like of my rasper; by the renven would fair foulders,
    And therefolithed is not to eare the whestle when.
    Or that him thou dist incleme, you out at not shall you

    on yourn-.t quoble, I am not saig; the ferty
    Timent, abemily goft! Sirs theepars and modestled
    'diend disturim'

  ROSALIND. Come, you have of my Rosalind is some feir Oflly broog;
    Nor, my give you spoke you th'n lige.
    Spriper?
. As pentinit, good envers
    exir. Surt guling land's of these with netelly in vimuars
    When, that treek as out his bloody merest.

  JAQUES. Farey know, sirk do, not agares nough any
    thy   seemisns, pasehiful fawips I did fall Countertans, a
    thy, 'houldess's love, for loy boys det gentle
    thy some, yours 'Roje.

  D
